hello so today it's not
difficult we will make royal ice
it's this little cream that helps
garnish the cakes yes the last cake
so for that I took 100 g of sugar
ice cream
an egg white and lemon so that's
very simple in the icing sugar in
allow the egg white and we come
mix
so you see
we just add a few drops of
very little lemon so this cream you
can custodian cakes in icing this
that you want if you do not use
immediately you shoot against
you film you put the film in
contact of two of the ice cream
and and leave you at temperature
ambient in your kitchen so no
like that sugar a vga porteurs and
you can also if you want
how to say with dyes
food so for that matter it's this
that I'm going to do I'm going to take
many i'm going m if you want it a
a little thicker so you add a
little icing sugar of course you have
understood the system me there I find it
very well so I 'm going to put a little
make you show to put blue
and the sweat swear club I have the yellow
see you make beautiful decorations
then I have the blue and there we will have the
red
so after we can make mixtures and
co2 of colors so it makes a rose
so that's how you can come back
all your cakes with beautiful effect
I hope it was you that the
recipe will have been here